### TZ Gaming: Optimal Targeting of Mobile Ads

Each row in the `tz_gaming` dataset represents an impression. For each row (impression), we have data on 21 variables. All explanatory variables are created by Vneta based on one month tracking history of users, apps, and ads. The available variables are described in below. 

* _training_ -- Dummy variable that splits the dataset into a training ("train") and a test ("test") set
* _inum_ -- Impression number
* _click_ -- Click indicator for the TZ ad served in the impression. Equals "yes" if the ad was clicked and "no" otherwise
* _time_ -- The hour of the day in which the impression occurred (1-24). For example, "2" indicates the impression occurred between 1 am and 2 am
* _time\_fct_ -- Same as _time_ but the is coded as categorical 
* _app_ -- The app in which the impression was shown. Ranges from 1 to 49
* _mobile\_os_ -- Customer's mobile OS
* _impup_ -- Number of past impressions the user has seen in the app
* _clup_ -- Number of past impressions the user has clicked on in the app
* _ctrup_ -- Past CTR (Click-Through Rate) (x 100) for the user in the app
* _impua_ -- Number of past impressions of the TZ ad that the user has seen across all apps
* _clua_ -- Number of past impressions of the TZ ad that the user has clicked on across all apps
* _ctrua_ -- Past CTR (x 100) of the TZ ad by the user across all apps
* _imput_ -- Number of past impressions the user has seen within in the hour
* _clut_ -- Number of past impressions the user has clicked on in the hour
* _ctrut_ -- Past CTR (x 100) of the user in the hour
* _imppat_ -- Number of past impressions that showed the TZ ad in the app in the hour
* _clpat_ -- Number of past clicks the TZ ad has received in the app in the hour
* _ctrpat_ -- Past CTR (x 100) of the TZ ad in the app in the hour
* _rnd_ -- Simulated data from a normal distribution with mean 0 and a standard deviation of 1
* _pred\_vneta_ -- Predicted probability of click per impressions generated by Vneta's proprietary machine learning algorithm
* id -- Anonymized user ID

Note that there is a clear relationship between the impressions, clicks, and ctr variables within a strata. Specifically: 

* ctrup = clup/impup
* ctru = clu/impu
* ctrut = clut/imput
* ctrpat = clpat/impat

The last three letters of a feature indicate the sources of variation in a variable:

* u — denotes user
* t — denotes time
* p — denotes app
* a — denotes ad 

